[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What does the ninth dimension
tell us about ourselves?
I am Matías De Stefano.
In this episode, we
are going to learn
about how the
universe sees itself
and how that plays
into creation.
At the moment that the whole
universe take consciousness
about itself, you
start to realize
that the last dimension
that appears in the universe
is the one that we
used to call God.
But it's not just the last one.
It also the first one.
The first dimension is the one
when the consciousness realize
that the only thing that
they have is the mind.
Mind is the only thing that
exists in the first dimension--
the idea, the dream.
So at the first dimension
when the being realize
who he is, is when the
first dimension says,
I know who I am.
"I am" is the most important
statement in the universe.
It's the only thing that exists.
I am everything.
I am all.
I am nothing.
And I am void.
And I am everything.
So in this moment when
it realize about himself,
start to wonder,
what could I become?
So it becomes the
second dimension.
The second dimension will
show what the being had within
to see it outside.
Then this being
start to ask himself,
what could I do with
these new questions?
What could I do
with this reflection
I am having about myself?
So it start to create
the third dimension.
The third dimensional
beings are the ones
that will experience those
separations, statements
of the universe-- who I am.
What could I become?
Who I become?
In the third dimension,
the mind of the universe
can experience what it has--
think about himself.
So at the moment that the
third dimension is created,
the second dimension start
to split and multiply by 2.
So it becomes the
fourth dimension.
The fourth dimension
will be the time
in which the space in the
third dimension will leave.
So the fourth dimension
will allow the being
to understand himself in many
different perspective of time.
Once we have done the path of
expression-- experimentation,
integration, and
transcendence-- fourth dimension
start to become the
fifth dimension.
The fifth dimension will show
you the light, the clarity
of the whole process.
And by polarity, we create
the sixth dimension.
And the sixth
dimension will allow
you to create new realities
in time and space,
to be the alchemist
of time and space.
When both positive
and negative start
to realize about everything,
and every dimension,
and every possibility
you have, you
will become the
seventh dimension.
Seventh dimension will hold
the seven Laws of the Universe
that will help the coherence
during every dimension
of the whole universe.
So seventh dimension
is the place
where you will have the
glory, like the heaven, where
you can feel and
understand everything that
is going to happen,
everything that happened,
and everything that is
happening right now.
That's why from the
seventh dimension--
start to become the
eighth dimension, which
is the network of
consciousness of the universe.
So you could see it
like a big library when
you have all information,
every record of every being,
every existence in every
dimension in every time
and every space.
So you have this torus
around, creating this energy
through time and space,
looking into many directions
the realities of the being.
And suddenly, all these
realities of consciousness
come back to the
core to the center.
And you see a black hole.
This black hole is
not light anymore.
The light came from
the very beginning,
when the positive
and negative start
to go around the universe,
when the positive and negative
creates the energy
to make light.
But the ninth
dimension is not light.
It's a black hole where
everything is contained, where
everything can be transcendent.
That's why we call this
the dimension of God,
the dimension of the
reality, the real reality.
The truth is where
there is no place to go.
There's nothing to see.
But it is kind of
a unity in which
you as a whole being as God
just realize who you can become.
So the whole experience,
and all integration,
and every expression that
you got in the universe--
it's being transcended.
That means the
ninth dimension is
the one that let be everything.
That let it go.
Everything.
That doesn't hold all the
reality that he has created.
There is no possession.
There is no "I."
There's no "me."
So everything goes to the void.
The ninth dimension
is the void from where
you can create everything
again in another perspective,
in another dimension,
in a new universe.
As we said, the first
dimension is the expression
of the universe from the mind.
The fifth dimension
will be the dimension
where the being realize about
experience from time and space.
That's why the fifth dimension
is the master dimension where
you could see every experience.
And you could understand
every experience you have.
Then you will have
the seventh dimension,
which is the integration of
everything you have created.
The seventh dimension
is the place
where every law and everything
that you have created
in the sixth and
the fifth dimension
is aligned in just one
being, so integration.
And then you have
the ninth dimension,
which is transcendence of the
whole process of the universe.
Our cultural way
of thinking-- we
used to believe that going to
God is like going to the light.
But at the moment you
reach the dimension of God,
you will find only void,
only this shadow that allows
you to brighten by yourself.
So God doesn't have
any perspective.
God doesn't have any dimension.
God is everything, or the
goddess is everything.
So you don't have
positive and negative.
We call it, "it," or the void.
So is the place
where-- is the place
and the time where there
is no place, no time, where
there's nothing.
And you can create from
the very beginning,
from the new idea you
have about a new universe.
That's why the
ninth dimension is
the most important dimension.
Because when you forget
about yourself, when
there is no me, then
there is no us, when
there is nothing
around, nothing within,
when everything is kind of
a piece where you could find
every possibility in every
spot of the universe,
we call this also the prodicta.
Prodicta was a name
that Atlanteans beings
used to refer to
the ninth dimension.
This was the shape of a
cross made up with 33 cubes.
These cubes were created
in the ninth dimensions,
once and again
multiplying itself
in the shape of a chakana.
Chakana is the star
of the Andes people.
Andean people have these
stairs to heaven and stairs
to the core of the Earth
with the sphere in the core,
in the center.
So you could have these
stairs above and below,
right and left.
And you could see
this projection
of every process on
the fourth dimension,
and the fifth dimension,
and the third dimension, all
in one reality.
So when you start to multiply
in many, many spaces and times,
this shape of the chakana--
you will find these cubes of
reality that creates a sphere.
These cubes of reality
are the technology
towards the ninth dimension.
Many beings in
this planet realize
that the whole world
we are living in
is like a big prodicta.
And if we know how to go to the
third dimension in every one
of the spots of this
network of the prodicta,
we could find the
ways and the portals
through the sixth dimension to
go to the core of the prodicta
and change every
reality, like if it were
mirrors looking into the sun.
And if you change
all these mirrors,
you can switch the
third dimension
towards the sixth
dimension, going
to the core in the
ninth dimension.
So that's why for
ancient people,
we call every path,
every teach that we
had in this planet like
initiatic path to--
made men and women
become god and goddess.
The path towards the divine--
it was to realize that us as
matter in the third dimension--
we're able to turn--
form ourselves.
And the only way you can
do it is through the void
of the ninth dimension.
So that's why it's
important to meditate.
That's why it's important
to find the void within,
to find the void in
matter, the void in soul,
in emotions, the
void in your mind.
When you accomplish the blank,
when you accomplish the void,
and you just realize that
you cannot feel anything,
you cannot feel by emotions,
you cannot feel by body,
you cannot feel your
mind, that you simply are,
that there is nothing out,
nothing in, that your body is
just a projection from
the first dimension.
And that your mind is
the only thing that
sprays all over the universe.
And you cannot even see it,
because everything is like
a big shadow or darkness that
is so deep and so peaceful.
And that is the moment
when you are connected
with the ninth dimension.
The ninth dimension doesn't
hold every dimension.
That's the eighth dimension.
God is not holding anything.
God is not even consciousness.
God is the void that
allows the consciousness
to be aware of itself and to
create new universe by freedom.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
We are multi-dimensional
beings being
created in different levels
through the first, the fifth,
the seventh dimension, then
the second, the fourth,
the eighth dimension, and
then the third, the sixth,
and the ninth dimension.
So this group of
three are the ones
that allow us to understand that
the dimensions are relative.
So when you have the trinity
of the first dimension,
you will realize that
the first dimension
is the consciousness itself.
And this consciousness allows
the higher consciousness
in the fifth dimension to
see the process of everything
that the first one will express.
And then the seventh dimension
is the highest vibration
of all that, that connect the
whole process through the loss
of the universe.
So first, fifth, and seventh
dimension will be the three--
the trinity to understand the
consciousness of the being.
Then the second
dimension will multiply
in the fourth and the eight.
The second dimension will
be the positive and negative
to see the outside.
So the fourth dimension will
bring you the process of time
in which you can see every
positive and negative,
every mirror of
the time, and then
through the eighth dimension,
understand the whole process
of consciousness of
every single time
that you have created
in the universe
to see yourself from many
different directions.
So that's the trinity of time--
two, four, and eight.
And then you have
the trinity of matter
and the trinity of creation.
The trinity of creation
is 3, 6, and 9.
We as human beings are
in the third dimension.
This third dimension
is a structure
in between past,
present, future.
And we are conditioned by
these times and these spaces.
But then you have to
multiply the third dimension.
And you will have
the sixth dimension.
When you find the
sixth dimension,
you will know that you
can transform your past.
You can transform your present.
You can transform your future.
The three of them
just in one reality.
You become like an alchemist
in the sixth dimension
to transform this reality
in the third dimension.
And then you have
the ninth dimension.
The ninth dimension
will show you
the purpose of the whole
process of experimentation--
the third dimension.
That's why we are so connected
with the ninth dimension that
help us to understand
why we are here.
And that's why we
need the image of God
or someone that helps us to
understand why we are here.
Because we are
straight connected
to the ninth dimension.
This is not a
problem that people
in the second, in the fourth,
in the eighth dimension,
or seventh dimension have.
These are not problems that are
wondered in those dimensions.
Only beings in the third
and the sixth dimension
are asking and feel
the presence of God.
Because we are exactly
the projection of that
divine here in matter.
As the second, the fourth,
and the eighth dimension
are the trinity
towards time and space
and the energy that
flows in between time,
the third dimension,
the sixth dimension,
and the ninth
dimension will allow
us to go through
every time and space
and unite them all in just one
reality, which is the void.
Everything is in
the third dimension.
The void is in the
ninth dimension.
And the sixth dimension is the
bridge in between both of them
that help us realize that the
only way you can transform
the reality in the
third dimension
is if you become void
to create new realities.
That's why three, six, and
nine are so important for us
to understand that--
are the key to
transform every reality.
So everyone kind of know
inside the importance
of those numbers.
We order these
dimensions in numbers
from the one to the ninth.
Because we need to organize
the separation of things,
because we are in
the third dimension.
But as I said, the
ninth dimensions
are not specific order by
numbers, but by geometry.
So by geometry,
we can understand
that the third dimension is
the structure of time and space
to being lived here
and is the dimension
where the trinity
of the universe
has created a being that we
call spirit, soul, and body.
That's why in the
third dimension--
is the only dimension
where you can actually live
the three of them in just one.
That's why the three
is so important.
Because it's our mind,
our emotion, and our will,
our action altogether
in just one being.
This being have to
look for the coherence
in between the three of them.
And that's why, when in our
lives are asked to be coherent,
we will start to see the three
in every moment of our lives.
The three start to repeat
itself once and again--
3, 3, 3, 3.
And it starts to call
ourselves to be connected
to the trinity of ourselves,
to be coherent with ourselves.
That's why, also,
in the past, they
did this path of recognition
of the whole being
as different ways in which
you should understand
every stage of the universe till
you can transform the universe.
That's why some orders had
this great 33, or the age where
Jesus was transcendent, the 33.
33 is just a code in which
someone from the matter
realize how to transform
itself through the matter.
So these numbers are
calling us all the time
to remember us, that we have
to become gods on earth.
And that's why it was so
important for some masters
to die at the 33, or
to transcend at the 33,
or to teach at the 33.
Because it's just a code.
It's not a number per se.
It's a code in between one
trinity, which is negative
and the other trinity,
which is positive.
When they just connect, you
have what we call the merkaba.
The merkaba start
to turn the energy
from positive and
negative, creating
these tetrahedrons of trinity,
like the wheels of creation
of the being.
And once you have this creation,
you realize about the sixth.
The sixth is real important.
Because it's the one
that moves realities.
That's why 66--
666 used to be the
numbers of transformation.
What happened with this number?
A lot of people is
scared about the six,
because the six means death.
The six means the destruction.
Why?
Because to be another
being, you have
to destroy what you have become.
You have to forget who you are
in order to be another being.
You have to let go every
reality you have created
or you have lived in
to be another being.
So that's why a
lot of people used
to say that in order to
be safe in this reality
and to be happy in
this reality, you
should fear the numbers 666.
You should fear the six, because
is the number that will change
your life, is the number
that will make you die
or that will transform
yourself in such a way
that you will forget
about yourself.
So according to this,
the sixth dimension
is just the one that
enlights yourself
to be your own creator.
And that's why through
the story and history,
we had all these people that
they didn't want you to realize
that you were able to
contact the energy of God
to yourself, to transform
your own reality.
That's why they made you
fear about the number six.
Then you will find
the nine, which also
can be repeated in 99 or 999.
And this is the number of God.
This is a number of the
whole and is the number
of the transcendence
of every reality
that you have created before.
That's why we are so bonded
and connected to these three
numbers.
Because we are the trinity that
are meant to go to the divine.
Our religions create
this idea of someone
or of something that
is bigger than us,
since thousands of
years ago, we had
this knowledge within
that we were heading
towards some special spot in
the universe where God allow--
or whoever you want
to call it, exist,
because is the place
where you are meant to go.
So even the smallest human
being in this planet kind of
know that there exists
something above, or in, or out,
or inside that is much powerful
than we are and we call God.
But it's not outside,
neither within.
It's just the construction
of every reality
outside and within.
And when we say
it's bigger than us,
it's not because we are smaller.
It's because we are just
a projection of himself.
So we cannot see the whole
picture that the reality
of the ninth dimension can see.
So naturally, we have
this idea of something
bigger than ourselves, something
that holds the whole universe.
But in order to get there, we
have to forget the universe.
We have to forget what we
believe of the universe.
That's why it's
important for you
to know what is the
ninth dimension.
Because at the moment you
will find yourself in front
of the ninth dimension, it's
possible that you cannot feel
anything.
You cannot feel joy.
You cannot feel
anything in your body.
You cannot feel any thought.
You will be just nothing.
And people fear nothing.
Fear.
Void.
Fear the shadow, because
it's totally opposite to what
we were taught about God.
What is amazing about
the ninth dimension
is exactly that, that when
you go to the ninth dimension,
and when you feel
the ninth dimension,
and suddenly, you feel all
that void and emptiness.
And you just feel
that there's nothing.
Nothing exists.
There is only one thing
that you could do,
that you will realize
that you are thinking.
And that the only
thing that exists there
is your thought
of, what is this?
And who am I?
And that's the goal of
the ninth dimension,
to realize that the only
thinking in the universe
is you.
And that's God when you realize
that the only creator that
exists is just one,
and you are it.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matías De Stefano,
for this series on the
creation of the universe.
Stay tuned for the
next episode where
we will dive into the spheres
of life and the first planets
created.
[MUSIC PLAYING]